Hello and welcome.
All right.
We have another challenge for you.
I want to test your knowledge of the singleton design pattern very common pattern that's used to create
a single instance of an object.
All right the requirements of this application and I want you to write our first.
Suppose you're a member of a cricket team.
So start thinking about this is how the application is going to work.
You're a member of a cricket team.
You're in a tournament and your team is going to play against another team as per the rules of the game.
The captain of each side must go for a toss to decide which side will bat or ball first.
I'm not a cricket expert or anything like that but basically you have to decide whether or not you have
a captain.
If your team does not have a captain you need to elect someone as a captain first.
At the same time you can your team can now have more than one captain.
So right now you should be thinking this is a terrific opportunity to write a singleton because you
only have one.
Only want to have one and only one captain.
So you're go for this challenge is to use the singleton design pattern to ensure that your team only
has one captain when writing an application that simulates cricket.
OK so the requirements you're required to use the bill Pugh Singleton implementation approach to ensure
only one captain is selected on your team so if you use Bill Pugh you have to make sure that you use
an interstate helper class to create your captain.
You want to create a class that test your implementation of the singleton design pattern call you get
instance method multiple times to retrieve objects see if the objects are the same by using the equals
equals operator Here's some example input their output I should say here is where we're trying to create
instead of a captain we then make a new captain selected for the team and then you trying to make another
captain and you already have a captain for your team.
So you say send him for the toss and then you compare your two instances which would in this case your
names you want to see two under the same instance.
Now I purposely didn't provide a ton of details as far as how you're going to implement it.
You should know how to implement the Singleton using Bill Pugh but all you really have to do is is really
make one or two classes the one class is the instance that you need to have a singleton for so that
class name can be something like make a captain.
You don't have to simulate an entire cricket application.
I was just trying to give you a scenario where you only need one instance in this case it's a cricket
game where you select a captain but you don't have to write any code for cricket.
Really what I would suggest as you write one class in one class and maybe one class that includes a
main method you can name that class something like Captain and this is the singleton class it will implement
the Singleton using Bill Pugh.
It's pretty straightforward.
It looks just like most of our examples.
And then the other thing you want to do for the assignment is really just demonstrate that the Singleton
works.
So you have a main method.
You can print out some output just like I did you know trying to make a new captain.
This would be right before you actually invoked to create the new Singleton using the singleton class
to get the Singleton you'd price know call your get instance method have you created the singleton.
You'll say hey I'm trying to make another captain so you would call to get instance again with another
instance and inside your actual Singleton class you may have some output that displays you're you have
the captain for your team.
So setting for the toss you know something like that.
It all depends on the output that you provide.
The last thing you want to do is you want a test just like I tested in my examples to make sure that
you're singletons are in fact the same instance.
So you can use the equals equals.
In this case you could do it like I did in the example where you just display the class Heidi you can
add data to your member or to your singleton class to confirm that the data member outputs are the same.
It's really up to you.
The basic requirements of the curious Singleton use Bill Pugh and this captain example thank you and
good luck.